fix: apply more edits from reviewers (#98)
shorebirdtech/website: src/pages/blogs/how-shorebird-works.md

date: May 9, 2024
---

![Shorebird staring at a Dart board (AI generated).](../../assets/images/how-shorebird-works-header.webp)

# How we changed Flutter and Dart to make code push work

One of the most common questions we get, is "how does Shorebird work?". This

> article describes some of the changes we made to Dart and Flutter in order to
> make code push work. If you have more questions, send us a mail or ask on
> Discord and we’ll be happy to answer them or include them in a future article.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

article describes some of the changes we made to Dart and Flutter in order to
make code push work. If you have more questions, [send us an email](mailto:contact@shorebird.dev) or [ask on
Discord](https://discord.gg/shorebird) and we’ll be happy to answer them or include them in a future article.

```
